sup yo boy naka reporting live was so
legit TV that's at NOK underscore a on
Twitter that's also so underscore legit
on twitter follow us on Twitter
of course in facebook bringing you guys
a live preview early pair of the diamond
turf tools 49er colorway of course made
famous by none other than Deion Sanders
during the 94 95 a Super Ball run season
had to have to definitely swoop on these
and also take some in for the shop of
course because I am on all time the
lifetime 49 49er fan so most definitely
encourage you guys to get out and pick
these up if I had to say so these are
the most desirable pair out of the
restaurant release for the turf tools
this year so go ahead and grab these
this box right here I believe it's 610
colorway color-coded for eight seven six
five eight so yeah look out for that
April 6 is the official release date so
look needs to come out select retailers
across the nation will also have a
couple pairs up early so be on the
lookout for that too once again she boyd
naka was so legit TV and reporting and
also live for flyer than mac i get a
shower later with another preview soon
when the playoffs come out also
remembered um Lake summit LeBrons
will also be out tomorrow we also
already served you guys with those so
hopefully you guys are out there and
joining them and are fortunate enough to
grab your Paris tomorrow but these are
the turf tools only thing different
pretty much is the 21 isn't on the
tongue with the old Dion logo from from
back in the day that's pretty much all I
see the red is still nice still pops out
with the go so
copies for so piece